Update access-keys.md (#1411)
near/docs: docs/1.concepts/basics/accounts/access-keys.md

Particularly, Full Access keys can be used to sign transactions doing [any action](https://nomicon.io/RuntimeSpec/Actions) in your account's behalf:

> 1. Create immediate [sub-accounts](account-id.md#rules-for-creating-named-accounts) and [top-level](account-id.md#named-accounts) accounts if the length of the account ID is greater than 31 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create immediate [sub-accounts](account-id.md#rules-for-creating-named-accounts) and [top-level accounts](account-id.md#named-accounts) if the account ID's length is 32 characters.
```
